Populate env, service, and version from tags (#1008)
DataDog/dd-trace-rb: docs/GettingStarted.md

end
```

This enables you to set this value on a per application basis, so you can have for example several applications reporting for different environments on the same host.

> Tags can also be set directly on individual spans, which will override any conflicting tags defined at the application level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags can also be set directly on individual spans, which will superseed any tags defined at the application level.
```

Author: I like this clarification, but I believe it has a typo. I'll adopt it sans the typo!
